BeDazzled Brothers,

Thursday night brought us a fixture against All Nations veterans, Shillelagh Celtic - we've had a number of very tight games against Shillelagh over the seasons, however, in the return fixture of last season, they poured water on our good form by stuffing us 7-0 in a game where they worked, ran, fought, and strangled our play while punishing every mistake and taking every chance. 

This week, they lined up with a slightly weaker than usual lineup, with 'out of control express train' Gary and the tricky redhead Johnny not lining up, but they still had loads of big lads who could run and run and run, even if it lacked outright quality on the ball. We lined up with me in place of late injury pullout, Paddy, being the only change to the previous week's shocker against AC EWF.

Predictably, the game was extremely tight, with the opening 10 minutes being short on chances, Max possibly creating the best chance with a fine turn and curl around a defender, which crept past the post with the goalie completely rooted to the spot. However, we gave ourselves a hole with 2 goals conceded in quick succession - the first of which coming from their best move of the match - having come on in place of Nathan, I was pulled out of position by their forward, which created space behind for them to exploit, and 2 quick passes left Rob completely exposed, and we were 1 down - they doubled the advantage shortly afterwards, and while the game became more a war of attrition, we entered the break 2 behind.

At half time, we attempted to regroup - and given their lack of subs, we believed that we should have the advantage the longer the game went on. The other thing we hoped for was to get a goal early on to shake their resolve a little, and Lou took this seriously enough to make a strong run along the left side, and despite looking to be at an impossible angle, let rip with a left shot that scorched past the keeper and into the top corner - an absolutely magnificent strike, and fully deserved given Lou's non-stop performance throughout the game.

The remainder of the game was a game of crunching tackles, and 100% commitment from both teams - a number of times Shillelagh managed to create opportunities, but they found Rob in excellent form, and at the other end, we never really managed any clear cut chances (Max commenting at the end as to how well their defender marked him) although Dean and Max came incredibly close to engineering a terrific opportunity with some quick one-touch passing, however the game finished without us managing to get the equaliser we craved, and we went to a 3rd straight defeat.

BeDazzled v Shillelagh Celtic

	0-1
	0-2

HT: BeDazzled 0-2 Shillelagh Celtic

	1-2    (Louis)

FT: BeDazzled 1-2 Shillelagh Celtic

Squad: Rob (GK), Nathan, Phil, Dominik, Louis, Dean, Max

A much better performance than it sounded like the previous week, with Nathan and Dominik coming back continuing to get back to full fitness, and Lou working miracles in terms of workrate (and quality). After the optimisim at the start of the season, we have had scant reward for some excellent performances, even if we have on occasion only had ourselves to blame for not putting away big half time leads in a number of games. 

I did also have a chance to suss out our next two opponents on Thursday, as Dumb & Dumbarton had only 4 men for their fixture against Unathletic Palermo, and while I was unable to make a huge difference to a poor D&D team, I did at least get first hand experience of playing both teams, and while Palermo were a huge improvement on their first game against us this year, I think we've more than enough to give them trouble again, though I can't believe that D&D will be as bad against us when we face them in 2 weeks - they were short of almost all their players, and one of the two replacements was absolutely dreadful. Needless to say, D&D will probably turn up mob handed when we face them, as they always do.

This week may have an interesting squad - Magnus is adament he'll be fit and available this week, which might be crucial given Chris's injury picked up skiing, and even more incredibly, we hope to be able to unleash Rich for his first game in nearly a year - the squad will have the feel of the first 3 seasons about it, being that we'll have Rich, Magnus and Nathan all playing for the first time since 2010.

GO GO GO BEDAZZLED!

Phil J

